[MUSIC]
Let's move to our last topic
in this section, named ranges.
A named range allows a user to
give an alias to a set of cells,
a column, a row, or a dataset.
This alias can be later referenced
in a formula or a function.
There are multiple
advantages to a named range.
First of all, they make it very easy
to reference a specific dataset,
instead of constantly switching tags or
moving around or across your sheet.
Plus, I don't normally think in rows and
columns.
So it's easier when reviewing a formula,
to review the named range,
which can be growth rate,
instead of the actual row or column.
Additionally, named ranges makes
the spreadsheet easier to audit,
because the reader can read the name
of the cells instead of having to go
track down the cells in the spreadsheet.
This means that you should always make
sure to pick a name that is clear,
concise, and self explanatory.
Lastly, named ranges are useful
when copying formulas,
since they do not require
any cell locking.
The alias will always
refer to the same cell,
even when you copy
the formula across the table.
When naming ranges,
you cannot have spaces in your names.
This will result in an error.
Additionally, a name that already
exists cannot be used again.
Existing named ranges can be
managed through the Name Manager,
which can be found on the Formulas tab.
Let's start by taking a look at the
dataset that we have been provided with.
As you can see, the table shows sales data
for distributor, country, and product.
We also get information about the sales
channel, as well as the date sold.
This data table will be used throughout
the rest of this section and the course.
Since we will be using
this table going forward,
it makes sense to start by creating
named ranges for the entire dataset.
First, we're going to select the data that
we would like to create an alias for.
So let's click on the top
left cell on the table.
Now we can select all the cells
in the table using our mouse or
by using Ctrl plus the arrows to
select all the way down to the right.
So we'll do Ctrl and the right arrow,
and then Ctrl and then down arrow.
But there's an even better way to do this.
The Ctrl+A is a shortcut that'll
select all of the cells within
the table automatically,
which is exactly what we want to do here.
At the top of the page, on the left side,
you will find the name box.
This is where Excel shows you which
cell in your sheet you are currently on.
But it can also be used
to create a named range.
Since we have selected sales data,
that's what we were going
to call the named range.
So let's type that in the name box and
press Enter.
Now, if we go back and reselect the entire
table once more using the Ctrl+A,
we will see that Excel now recognizes the
selected data as being named Sales_Data.
Let's create another named range, this
time for the revenue that is in column L.
We start by selecting the first
value in the column, and then using
the Shift+Ctrl+arrow down shortcut to
select all the data in the column.
Instead of naming this
range using the name box,
we're going to use the Define Names
option under the Formula table.
If we select the Define Names option,
a pop-up appears prompting us for
the alias that we want to use.
Since we selected the revenue,
let's call this range Sales_Revenue.
Under the same tab,
you'll find the Name Manager option.
This is used to create a new named range,
to edit the cells that the named range is
referring to, to change the name that is
being used for, and to delete a named range.
Let's use the Name Manager to
create another named range,
this time for
quantity of products that were sold.
So we clicked on New, and
another pop-up window opens,
asking us what we want
to call our named range.
Let's call this one Quantity_Sold.
Next, we are prompted to select
the cells that are going to be named.
Here, this is the data in column J,
so let's go ahead and select it.
Once we're done with that,
we can press OK.
And that named range is
created successfully.
Now that we know how to
create named ranges,
let's take a look at how you use them.
Let's say we want to calculate
the total revenue for this data sheet.
In order to do so, we're going to want
to sum all the records in column L.
We just created a named range for
this data.
So we're going to use that in our sum
function instead of selecting the cells
manually.
Let's start by typing our sum formula.
And then inside our sum formula,
we're going to type out sales.
And while we do this,
we see that a prompt comes up asking us
if by any chance we are looking for
Sales_Data or Sales_Revenue.
We're going to select the Sales_Revenue,
since that is the named
range we are looking for.
And you can select this by hitting Tab or
selecting it with your mouse.
So now it's your turn to practice
named ranges with exercise 1B.
Note that you may need to
create additional named ranges
to answer certain questions.
[MUSIC]